Hi everyone and welcome to the problem set on DC circuits but only relating to resist theories and batteries.
So I've put together 16 different problems here ranging in difficulty I think the easier ones are at
the beginning and the harder ones kind of fall toward the end.
But there's really a mix of different problems where you're going to end up practicing Kirchhoff's rules
are going to calculate the currents in single branch and multi loop circuits you know calculate power
dissipated and power delivered to the circuit from the power supplies.
So good luck with the problems.
I really suggest you kind of do one problem at a time.
Try it on your own.
Come watch the solution at the beginning it's not a big concern if you don't quite understand all the
steps.
I think after you start watching some of the solutions you're going to build on that and then you'll
be able to apply it to harder problems.
So good luck everybody.
Again if you ever have any questions just shoot me an email I'll get back to you.
Happy learning.